#Excersize 4

Excersize 4 contains all needed files included commented asm files and generated *.s files from
the created c files that are meant to mimmick the supplied mystery*.asm files.

#Setup:

For Question1 See the files named:
* `mystery1-comments.asm` for commenting of assembly file
* `mystery1.c` for c program replicating supplied assembly file
* `mystery1-asm.s` for the generated assembly from the c program

For Question2 See the files named:
* `mystery2-comments.asm` for commenting of assembly file
* `mystery2.c` for c program replicating supplied assembly file
* `mystery2-asm.s` for the generated assembly from the c program

For Question3. Execute the following from the Makefile:
```
make smallest
```
This will generate and use the following files:
* `smallest.out` the executable of the program. Printout is first the smallest number as detected 
in the assembly code, Followed by the returned value from the assembly code function
* `smallest.asm` contains the assembly code for Question3
* `smallest-driver.c` is the driver program for executing the assembly code for Question3

See the discussion section at the end of this README as part of the submission.


To build and generate all output files again execute the following commands. WARNING: this will also delete all generated .s files:
```
make clean
make all
```

#Discussion

Mystery1 was quite simple and replication was very easy to recreate. Mystery2 and 3 though are assembly files
generated by NASM, vs gcc uses MASM when generating assembly code from the C programs. This appears to effect
the syntax and also the logical placement of much of the code. Mystery2 and 3 follow the basic idea of thier
programs, but observing the assembly produce largely different assembly codes. MASM is substantialy more
function heavy and likes to make alot of calls to move variables arround and refer to them by reference. This
also increases the amount of comparisons and jump calls in the code. 

Mystery2 specificaly tries to name functions
the same as the section labels used in the assembly. From the generated assembly though this creates substantialy
more functions and NASM still parses these functions (for example while_loop and end_while) into smaller sections
giving them .L* labels aswell.

Mystery3 had its C code simplified so as to reduce the amount of assembly generated. This caused the 'here' and 'there'
functions to not appear but the logic can still be found in the assembly. Additionaly Mystery3 requires a driver which
was not supplied in the assembly. The C code includes one with a main method defined. To seperate the original mystery3
assembly code, a seperate function was made in the C code program.
